Would you like to learn how to make 3D models? I'm Michael Bridges, a
professional tutor and 3D artist. And I'm Ben Tristem, one of Udemy's
top instructors, and together we're going to bring you the Complete Blender Creator,
where you're going to learn to make 3D models for VR, for computer games,
for designing your dream home, or for simply expressing yourself as
a 3D artist. So, Mikey, how are we going to start them with Blender?
So, we're going to get over the big hurdle which is the interface. It's an amazing
program but getting into it can be difficult, and before long, you'll be
making your 3D models. We're going to start with some block models. As you can see
here they're really simple, that gets you into the essence of what Blender's all about!
Absolutely, and moving on from there we're going to take a step up and take a look at texturing
and at mathematically precise shapes, something called a Bezier Curve. Look at this
wonderful bowling pin here and the bowling ball, being put together by beginners into
a fantastic scene. You'll be doing that within just a few hours! Then moving on to a low
poly chess set, where you'll really refine your knowledge of materials and block modeling.
So, So Mikey, what do they go onto from there? Well, that's all static, a bit
boring, so we're going to start bringing things alive, with an animated lamp!
So, we're going to go through the process of rigging and actually making this thing
come alive. And then, we're moving onto a fluffy bunny, so we're going to explore
how to use hair and particle systems, and more on from there.
Then we are going to Game
Asset Pack where you are going to learn how to structure a more complex
project and also take a much deeper dive into textures,
normal maps and much more.  After that we'll
hop striaght into a human head, with organic
modelling, much more detailed mesh topology and finally
a really detailed guide into materials
relfecting those of the real world.
how to use hair and particle systems, and more on from there.
Fantastic! So the world is just crying out for 3D assets right now! We need it for
games, for Virtual Reality, for 3D printing, and for more. So,
please don't take our word for it, take a look at all of our fantastic reviews! It's a great
time to get into 3D modeling! Buy this course now!